As you get ready to play, follow these steps to have the best experience possible.
1. Place your phone down on a flat surface, with the screen facing up.
2. Make sure there are no lights directly overhead.
This makes it difficult for the camera to focus on your hand).
3. Make sure your sound is on.
The different sounds will let you know when different things are happening in the games.
4. When you’re ready, the phone will ask you to line up your hand with the example on the screen.
Make sure your hand is the correct distance from the camera by making it the matching size on the screen.
5. When your hand is lined up correctly for long enough, the screen will flash green and progress on.
6. The screen will change one more time, bringing you to the game.
Once everything seems to be working and you’re ready to play,
begin performing the correct exercise at your own pace in this case, open palm/closed fist.
You will see the balloon begin to inflate. Make sure you keep your four fingers together with your thumb out for best results.
The objective of the game is to inflate the balloon as much as possible before it pops.
If it pops, you will not be awarded any points.
When you have inflated the balloon as much as you think you can, pause for a moment, and the balloon should float away.
The bigger the balloon, the more points you will be awarded.
Make sure you don’t pause too early, or your balloon may float away before you’re finished inflating!
However, make sure you still take your time and don’t strain yourself to the point of discomfort.
If you do feel extreme pain or discomfort at any point, please stop playing and contact your healthcare provider.